Added missing intermediate steps of `scarb new` (#988)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch01-02-hello-world.md

The next three lines set the configuration information Scarb needs to compile your program: the name of the package and the version of Scarb to use, and the edition of the prelude to use. The prelude is the collection of the most commonly used items that are automatically imported into every Cairo program. You can learn more about the prelude in [Appendix D][prelude].

The `[dependencies]` section, is the start of a section for you to list any of your project’s dependencies. In Cairo, packages of code are referred to as crates. We won’t need any other crates for this project.

> The `[dev-dependencies]` section is about your added dependencies through scarb ( we'll revisit it later in detail ) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[dev-dependencies]` section is about dependencies that are required for development, but are not needed for the actual production build of the project.
```
